c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\BO.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\BO.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\obj\Debug\BO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\obj\Debug\BO.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\obj\Debug\BO.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Library.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternAPIServer\BO\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\BO.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\BO.pdb
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Library.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.xml
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\obj\Debug\BO.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\obj\Debug\BO.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\obj\Debug\BO.dll
C:\Users\vietc\OneDrive\Desktop\KLTN ^_^\sgk2020\BackEnd\APIPattern\BO\obj\Debug\BO.pdb
